com/example/tripa/databinding/UpcomingItemBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.UpcomingItemBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentThirdBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentThirdBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/tripa/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$4
com/example/tripa/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.HomeActivity
com/example/tripa/ThirdFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.ThirdFragment
com/example/tripa/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tripa.BuildConfig
com/example/tripa/APIPOJO.java
 com.example.tripa.APIPOJO
com/example/tripa/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.example.tripa.AlarmReceiver
com/example/tripa/TripReminder.java
 com.example.tripa.TripReminder
com/example/tripa/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.tripa.MyAdapter
 com.example.tripa.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/tripa/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.LoginActivity
 com.example.tripa.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.LoginActivity$1$1
com/example/tripa/Listlass.java
 com.example.tripa.Listlass
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/tripa/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.FirstFragment
 com.example.tripa.FirstFragment$1
com/example/tripa/Model.java
 com.example.tripa.Model
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityDetailsBinding
com/example/tripa/Users.java
 com.example.tripa.Users
com/example/tripa/DetailsActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$2
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$3
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$4
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$4$1
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$4$1$1
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$4$2
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$5
com/example/tripa/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$1
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$2
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$3
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$4
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$4$1
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$4$1$1
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$5
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$6
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$6$1
